what is going on guys brethren here and
welcome you'll face back to another
video so today we're gonna be discussing
the halo master pack I know I haven't
gone over the screenshots I actually
planned on doing this video the other
day but I promise you guys that set up
videos so I didn't get around to it then
the next day I was very very busy so
anyways we also have some new
screenshots two of them to be exact
explaining a lot more about what the
mobs are going to look like and we have
quite a few different opinions on what
those actually are cuz they obviously
are going to coincide with halo so if
you feel like I missed something or
anything like that feel free to let me
know in the comments section that would
be great because I don't know what all
these different characters are but I can
definitely throw out some ideas and I
think I have a few of them on points so
anyways if you guys do go to enjoy this
video please do leave a like rating that
be absolutely awesome if you're new to
the channel feel free to subscribe so
you don't miss videos like this in the
future alright guys so getting into the
first two screenshots and these of
course are the new screenshots will go
over the other three later on in the
video but you've probably already seen
those anyways because this is kind of
like two days late but these are the new
ones we're going to go over now
explaining some of these new designs as
far as mobs are concerned so here we
have the creeper and the zombie appears
to look like flood and then we have the
ender min design which really looks like
a prophet a lot of people are saying and
then of course the night which is the
skeleton and just these textures and
just blocks and everything very very
hallo ich and i'm really loving the
Smasher pack so far if you guys really
want to know my honest opinion moving on
to the nether screenshot here we have
the gas flying up in the air and people
are saying they might be Watchers or
they might also be engineers and then if
we take a look at the blaze over there
people are saying that that might be a
watcher I don't know everything's just
kind of up in the air here the textures
are really really cool but some of these
are kind of hard to distinguish what
they actually are and then of course the
magma cubes I don't really know what
that is some type of maybe Promethean
design but I can tell you that the
zombie Pigman definitely looks like an
elite so anyways guys that's what I
think if you feel like I missed
something or you feel like maybe some of
these different textures for these new
mobs were something that I didn't say
feel free to let me know in the comments
x and then of course
moving on we just have those other three
screenshots depicting a few of the skins
that are going to be in there as well as
some of the cool block textures and all
that kind of good stuff and something
that I do actually like is the grass
texture still is kind of the same so for
survival and stuff like that it seems
like that might may still be possible so
that's pretty cool news anyways though I
definitely think that 4j Studios did a
really good job on this mash-up pack I
mean this is a third one that we have
gotten I do believe we had the Mass
Effect one which I really didn't like I
let you guys know that and then of
course we had the Skyrim one which was
actually pretty cool and I did like that
one but it was more medieval ish and
stuff like that so it was pretty cool
but of course you know that kind of gets
old over time so this is new fresh and
has a really boss texture to it you got
to have those retextures mobs and I
think they did an awesome job in this so
shout-out to four days studios great job
let me know what you guys think also
wanted to add real quick that there is
no release date quite yet on this
mash-up pack it is getting closer to the
end of the week so I am assuming that
it's probably going to be next week
before we actually see this roll out
onto the marketplace as far as the
costcos we can probably expect it to be
a dollar 99 to 299 like the other master
packs were so anyways thank you guys so
much for watching I do appreciate it if
you guys did enjoy the video please do
show your love to like that be
absolutely awesome if you're new to the
channel feel free to subscribe so you
don't miss stuff like this in the future
other than that I hope you guys have an
awesome day and I will see your face in
the next video thanks for watching and
peace out guys
I
you